You're still playing, you're just not making any progress
What if you offend the old lady now?
This game console is not yours, where did you come from?
I picked it up.
My classmate misses whether you picked it up or stole it
Why are you stealing again?
What is your status now?
Do you still need to steal?
You are following your deceived dear
Dad, you stole Aunt Lin's ring?
What ring to steal?
Ah, I'm discussing TV shows with Stone
Said that someone secretly prepared a ring to ask for marriage
I'm still in the mood to discuss TV dramas
What he needs to learn most now is how to respect his elders
Mom, don't be angry.
I promise to be the first to arrive at school tomorrow.
I haven't come for three years, I'll just put it back
It really needs to be put back.
But
Do you want to put it somewhere else?